---
layout: page
title: Call for Proposals
permalink: /call_2018/
---

## Workshop Proposals

The Mountain West Data Librarian Symposium invites workshop proposals for the inaugural symposium, which will be held at the University of Colorado Boulder August 13-14, 2018. **The call for proposals has been extended to Monday, June 11.**

The Mountain West Data Librarian Symposium is a low-cost professional development opportunity for librarians and others who support research data management in the Mountain West area to network and gain valuable training. The symposium will consist of morning workshops and afternoon unconference sessions. 

Workshops may run 55, 90 or 120 minutes. We are seeking hands-on training sessions that focus on active attendee participation. Proposals should focus on how to fulfill the job duties of research data specialists. Potential topics include, but are not limited to:
- teaching research data management
- data sharing and re-use
- data curation and preservation
- data literacy
- research reproducibility
- communication and outreach

All workshop organizers are asked to provide details on technology needs and learning outcomes for participants. Proposals will be more favorably reviewed if they address the needs of diverse communities, are of interest to a variety of attendees, and do not require all attendees to have laptops or specialized software.

Proposals of up to 250 words should be submitted to: [https://goo.gl/forms/9VRH07JjVNYf9f8o2](https://goo.gl/forms/9VRH07JjVNYf9f8o2)

A separate call for lightning talks will be announced after registration opens in June. If you are unable to attend the Mountain West Data Librarian Symposium or are more centrally located in the United States, watch for a similar call for workshop proposals from the Midwest Data Librarian Symposium.

If you have any questions regarding the Mountain West Data Librarian Symposium or the call for workshop proposals, please email MountainWestDLS@gmail.com. 
